hey how's it gone
Dave 2d here so these are some new
wireless earphones from oneplus the
bullets Wireless and the short and sweet
of it is this
they are amazing headphones for the
price for 70 bucks they are literally
the best wireless earphones I've used
and right off the rip the unboxing
experience isn't amazing I've seen
better but product packaging isn't what
I'm here for right so the build quality
it's really good for the price the buds
themselves are milled aluminum they're
lightweight but they feel solid the
cabling feels kind of average I would
have liked like a flat ribbon cable
those tend to wear better over time but
the overall build quality is good it
also comes with three ear hooks and
three ear tips the medium-sized like the
one that comes installed right off the
factory fit me very comfortably
particularly the hooks they just fit my
ear really well the sound quality is
also quite good
and is this something that's difficult
to showcase in a video and there's
obviously some subjectivity to this but
I think for most people they'll enjoy
the sound quality from this particularly
if your device supports aptX you get
crisp trouble and very good bass not
like earth-shattering bass but for $70
these sound deeper than a thought they
would go now there's a marketing term
that oneplus is throwing around for
these bullets Wireless called energy
tubes and those are supposed to be
structures built into these earphones
that help to reduce the auto Distortion
and like I don't know how much the
energy tubes actually play a role in it
they sound clean very clean but I don't
know are those energy tubes actually
doing anything I can't tell you but it
is a pretty cool sounding term okay
battery life on these are great so ten
minutes of charging gets you like 65% of
battery full top off takes around 30
minutes maybe a little bit less and this
is what the regular charger you don't
need the - charge or anything like that
to get those numbers and battery life
I'm getting around 7 half hours so this
is with the volume at around 60% if
you're going running and need to crank
it up if you're in like high traffic or
something like that it's gonna be
reduced but the eight hours estimated
battery life I'd say is reasonably
accurate and I really like the USBC
charging it just brings you one step
closer to being free of microUSB which
I'm pretty sick of in 2018 ok other
features the button like the play/pause
button if you long press it it'll launch
Google assistant and I thought it would
be cool but there's too much of a delay
like when you press it it takes about a
second maybe the second half before
you'll actually hear that tone
so it's cool and usable if you need but
I wouldn't consider to be like a game
change or anything and if you're
connected to an iPhone at a launch Siri
instead of the Google assistant so the
microphone is good I made a few calls
with it and everyone said it sounded
clean it might even sound better than
your phone's built-in mic depending on
the phone that you have the earbuds are
magnetic and the magnetic interaction
between the two sides can pause and
unpause music it'll pause music on any
phone like pixel to excel I phone 10
doesn't matter where you're using if
those buds snap together it'll pause the
music but resuming music is different it
does need to be the one plus five or the
one plus six and it may not sound like a
killer feature but it's just something
that I really enjoy the ability to just
pause your music when you clip your
earbuds together so I like these
wireless earphones way better than I
thought it would and I actually liked
them better than basically any other
wireless earphones that I've used so I
like them more than the jaybird freedoms
I like them more than my previous top
pick the Plantronics backbeat fit and I
definitely liked them more than the
beats X from Apple
so the beats X wireless earphones have a
lot in common with the bullet's wireless
earphone so I'm just gonna be straight
up I think that one plus ripped-off this
design from the beats axe to the point
where just there's so much similarity in
function and design to the control
mechanism that being said these are $100
these are $70 like the bullets Wallis
are cheaper but these are better in
every conceivable way it's got better
build quality it's got the magnetic
pause it doesn't require a proprietary
lightning cable it just doesn't have a
pretty box when you unbox it and it also
only comes in this black and red color
whereas the beats X comes in a whole
bunch of colors so the price is what is
probably the most attractive thing about
the bullets Wireless for $70 or getting
a product that is comparable to devices
that have double the price if not more
and the main thing is I'm not seeing any
$70 wireless earphones that are better
than these so there are so a few things
that I don't love about it I wish the
charging port was covered like when
you're running and you're sweating that
port is just exposed so I don't know how
that'll hold up over time the other
thing I don't love is the storage pouch
like it's cool it's soft rubber and it's
got a magnetic closing system but I just
find it difficult to stuff everything in
there I feel like I'm just like bending
things in ways that they shouldn't be
bent and sometimes a magnet snap
together where you kind of don't want
them to the other thing is availability
so every other earphone that I've
mentioned in this video is readily
available on Amazon for basically Next
Day Delivery the bullet's Wireless is
only available from oneplus so it's not
as readily available or easily returned
if you don't end up liking them but
those negatives aside I feel like these
are really really good earphones for the
money put it this way I've been using
these the backbeat fit as my go-to
earphones for like three three and a
half years and I've always been looking
for something to replace them I've tried
so many things always go back to these
but I finally found something that
actually liked more than the backbeat
fit and there's $70 instead of like 120
bucks okay hope you guys enjoyed this
video thumbs if you liked it subs you
loved it see you guys next time